                                                                        Homework-8
1)Why we use Javascript?
         1)javascript is the most commonly used scripting language.
         2)JavaScript is very easy to implement. We need to put our code in the HTML document and tell the browser that it is JavaScript.When a user requests an HTML 
           page with JavaScript in it, the script is sent to the browser and it's up to the browser to do something with it.
         3)asynchronously retrieving data from a server and loading it into the page (By using AJAX).

2)What is Dom manipulation?
   DOM stands for Document Object Model.
1)HTML is read by the browser and converted into tree like structure.
2)Event-Handling operations can be done on DOM.
3)Browser has to make changes to web page dynamically.It keeps track or make changes to webpage dynamically.

3)what are the events in a web page? 
    Events in a web page:-
     When a user clicks the mouse   
     When a web page has loaded    
     When an image has been loaded 
     When the mouse moves over an element 
     When an input field is changed       
     When an HTML form is submitted       
     When a user strokes a key      

4)javascript  datatypes.
    String, Number, Boolean, Array, Object are the javacsript datatypes.

5)Javascript conditions and loops.
  Conditional statements are used to perform different actions based on different conditions.
1) if condition is used to specify a block of code to be executed, if a specified condition is true.
2) else condition is used to specify a block of code to be executed, if the same condition is false.
3) else if is usde to specify a new condition to test, if the first condition is false.
4)switch statement is used to specify many alternative blocks of code to be executed.

Loops can execute a block of code a number of times.
1)for loop- for loop loops through a block of code a number of times.
2)forEach() is used to iterate through the collection.
3)while loop- It loops through a block of code while a specified condition is true.
4)do/while - it also loops through a block of code while a specified condition is true and the loop will be executed atleast once.


          
